Some missing traits for Radial intervals at 0 (S135) (#1191)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000135/properties/P000132.md

---
space: S000135
property: P000132
value: true
refs:
- doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9_6
  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> Since $X\setminus\{(0,0)\}$ is homeomorphic to the disjoint union of continuum many copies of the real line,
> every open set in $X$ missing the origin is $F_\sigma$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since $X\setminus\{(0,0)\}$ is homeomorphic to the disjoint union of copies of the real line
and {S25|P132}, every open set in $X$ missing the origin is an $F_\sigma$.
```
